this is our only chance
we have to take
[Music]
we need kong the world needs him
to stop what's coming
and this child she's the only one he'll
communicate with
i knew that they had a bond she had
nowhere to go
so i made a promise to protect her
and i think that in some way khan did
the same
[Music]
it's godzilla
these are dangerous times godzilla's out
there and he's hurting people and we
don't know why
there is something provoking him that
we're not seeing here by the same
opinion
the myths are real yeah there was a war
and they're the last one standing for
greatness because i'm built from it
kong bows to no one
you know what we wouldn't have found we
wouldn't stand on the trail
what is that
the story people here know but don't
talk about
except in whispers anyone who goes
up there what is this place
they don't come back
descendants of these people are still
living up there on the mountain
brother you got three heads why would
you make a toy with three heads
that won't scare a kid ship it you know
just ship it out yup that's three times
not right
oh
[Music]
it only gets better
when we were dreaming about having a
family didn't look like this did it
lost jobs teens with severe anxiety
parents conducive
[Music]
why'd you move the family here still
looking for the simple life
[Music]
as those days are gone clark long gone
you got the weight of the world on your
shoulders i really wish i could get
drunk sometimes
you're saying you're superman
no we've seen superman before we've seen
him
am i a bad father you're going to be all
no one right dreams about the problems
but every life has them
even the extraordinary ones
[Music]
superman and lois two-hour premiere
event tuesday february 23rd
stream free next day only on the cw app
oh my god are you kidding me what we are
going out tonight
cataclysm this place is like an adult
disneyland
shots aren't you supposed to be dj dream
catcher are you worried about getting
mobbed out here
why do you think i always wear a mask
[Music]
so here's the deal we will get rid of
the body and you will walk away with a
compensation check
we will take them down well we can't go
in there guns blazing we are
better than that we've got to be strong
i don't want to be strong i wouldn't be
angry
go go
uh
oh
what's your name senior sergeant
kalashnikov
the red army needs a good submachine gun
it's been said you have no real
education we would have to pull
men and material from other projects to
focus on yours but that is not an option
here
rumor has it you're designing a
submachine gun is that right yeah but
andrei said that i
and drage was talking about working
hours
war is not yet over
all this hard work was it just a
complete waste of time
[Music]
we never expected to have freedom or
independence or equality in this country
but it doesn't matter what the
challenges are you run through that wall
[Music]
whether you know it or not right here
right now
you are a coming of age story
mr alfred welcome to ap english i prefer
my stripper name
boogie
[Music]
no one believes in an asian basketball
player have mercy on my soul
it's a joke in this country we can cook
clean count real good but anything else
we picked last
cause i got it but if you stick to our
plans and we beat monk
we'll get our shot at the nba look
have mercy yo who is that
oh that's eleanor he could get it if he
stops staring
have mercy on me as a self-hating china
man i was skeptical about boogie
i see you daddy what's up dog soup come
on back in the locker room all right all
right
i'm sorry coach hawkins and principal
kodak not necessary
this is our culture alfred has parents
who value respect
and discipline and without them we are
nothing
i don't cry you don't want to know
what's going on in my house
my mom she's responsible but she doesn't
believe in you
[Music]
i got 5 000 years of chinese history
it's a lot of pressure
i know how you feel but you have a
chance to change history
[Music]
i need you to fight for yourself the
same way you fight for being
chinese
[Music]
this has always been about you you're
playing a beat monk
so what are you gonna do
[Music]
it seems london is under attack
these are sharks but they can fly
you say
no flying fish stands between me and my
passengers
put disguise in the martial law it's the
only way that we can be saved
yeah that's what i like to see
you